for centuries Europe has offered
American tourists its culture its
culinary arts and it's mime please
please just get out of here this guy's
really creeping me out now it's payback
time
two friends two twins
eight countries to Europe you know there
are a lot of other empty compartment g-d
what the hell are you doing Oh big
tunnel Club wonder sexier your every
fantasy will be for face
[Music]
so are the girls coming back absent it's
illegal in the States because it makes
you go crazy they call it the Green
Fairy Jamie's hooking up with another
girl oh my god here's a fun fact you
made out with your sister man that is
just wrong so here this town is a famous
nude beach but the crazy European sex
Odyssey begin
[Applause]
there's no nude girls here is just guys
like us looking for new girls Cooper the
Hat the Hat the Hat is on fire
oh bloody are you we're from Ohio
stop hammer time
[Applause]
[Music]
these are magic I'm here let us make
love for one whole month
[Music]
[Applause]
no actual europeans were harmed in the
making of this film
you